underwhelming quote medicine close quote
didn't work for me at all on night one
and even had three doses hearing people
vomit sob and laugh next to me for the
next four hours seems super awkward
kind of traumatic ladies and gentlemen
what did you think you were signing up
for
[Music]
minecraft let's let's read some reviews
some some from some people who were
stupid enough to do this but intelligent
enough to read it later I have been on a
healing journey for a while now and
rythme ax seemed to be what I really
needed the accommodations food and staff
were all great however the entire stay
was far from healing for me it felt like
we were rushed from one place to another
to listen to lectures about how others
healed themselves the same story told by
the owner oh gee really you think they
sell tell the same story again and again
gee I would have never guessed that
gallica or defender those opacity the
stars started streaming this way they
started streaming this way and and and
like I was like I'm not my money back
because
and and and then he all stop and I
stopped and he said look to your left
and I look to my left he goes do you see
the moon and it was right [ __ ] there
and I thought this is [ __ ] so I turn to
my food to the moon the same story told
by the owner about how he healed his
trauma which wasn't done with ayahuasca
remembering a traumatic experience isn't
healing when there is no follow-up or
help to process it now here is a pretty
fundamental bullet point even if you
don't care about the brain damage what's
the point of getting high and
hallucinating about your trauma from the
past and then imagining that you get
sober stand up and you're better off
than you were before doesn't make a
whole lot of sense so he or she says I
laid on my mattress two nights in a row
and stayed there till the Sun came up
unable to move and in physical pain with
no one trying to help the cleaning
people sweeping around me when I tried
to rest because I was told I could stay
as long as I needed to when I tried to
talk to somebody about my pain and not
wanting to do another ceremony I was
offered some advil and electrolytes and
told I should do another ceremony I did
all four ceremonies and went home
feeling no better than when I came
imagine that it's like the recreational
use of hallucinogens is not a cure for
any known disease conditions
psychological problem or even emotional
or intellectual problem if you hate your
job you get high go home you got the
same job you hate your wife get high get
sober go home you still hate your wife
yet bad parents that education bad
childhood whatever it is you're upset
about getting high won't help and the
hallucinogenic experience of ayahuasca
at this high high price is no different
no better and no worse alright um we
continue I had so much faith in hope for
this place that that's the problem right
there you had faith and you had hope I
had so much faith in hope for this place
to be a true life-changing experience it
was a lot of money to spend for some
good holy organic food
believe healing involves a lot of rest
healthy nutritious meals guidance
support the guidance and support was not
available and the rest was impossible
because there was always a lecture to
get to and it felt like we were taking a
course and would fail if we didn't get
to class on time
well imagine at least they feel they
have something to teach you review
number two terrible unsafe practices
exploitation of plant medicine and
people in the plant medicine ceremonies
we were in a group of about 80 people
with only about four attendants who were
white festival kids can you can you
believe that you paid $4,000 to go to a
hippie drug tourist haven and get high
on hallucinogens and you're hanging out
with white hippy festival kids i I am
shocked
buck I was expecting you know the most
respectable of East Asian PhD wielding I
don't know research scientists no wait
maybe black African anthropologist who
are you thinking you were gonna white
festival kids damn straight
okay if they were white festival kids
with little experience and no
traditional lineage education for
ayahuasca oh oh oh so that was your
expectation was you'd have authentic
indigenous South American people
attending to you while you vomit and
wretch and hallucinate and talk about
how much you hated your parents growing
up in English okay well whatever works
for you for 4,000 bucks apparently
that's not what you get um right ,
playing terrible contemporary pop hits
for music oh isn't that terrible when
you pay a fortune to get high and you're
hanging out with a bunch of Wight
Festival kids who are listening to what
pop culture what are they listening to
you listen to ariana grande on the
boombox is it gonna be to Kashi 6 9 what
are you what are you getting down to
well your well your puking your guts up
and hallucinating what I want you hate
your parents stuff
I thought we would have authentic
acoustic indigenous music when we were
vomiting and loosen any how dare you
okay I couldn't get the help I needed
during the ceremony
that was it there was an unsafe ratio of
facilitators to guests especially with
so many beginners present on both side
clearly profit is the bottom line in
this luxury plant medicine factory they
take the ayahuasca experience and twist
it with too much new-age hype this kind
of cultural appropriation has said okay
on that I mean I can sympathize but what
did you expect the me or the whole life
story of the guy found in this place is
part of its you know package deal it's
part of what he's selling you can buy
his book and read about he has some how
he is some kind of successful white
millionaire businessman drug addict
decided to turn his life around with yet
more drug addiction you know cocaine and
marijuana screwed up my life so then I
started using this other drug the brain
damage from that was better for me okay
but interesting that this person was
able to perceive at least the cultural
appropriation involved in this during
the retreat and in their marketing they
promised people a quote miracle close
quote this kind of promise is exploited
of an irresponsible it comes across as
pressure for people to have a particular
experience plant medicine is not
necessarily a miracle you've got that
right sometimes it can be very difficult
to challenging and there is long term
there is long term integration that
people need to do in order to really see
the full benefits there is not enough
support or education regarding
integration I have no idea what
integration is a code word for you this
place is certainly nice strictly as a
resort but as someone who is well versed
in various quality plant medicine
experiences this place is weak and even
dangerous I would say too at this price
if you want a life-changing experience
you could go and see the pyramids in
Egypt you could go and see the ancient
monuments in Greece you could actually
learn something about the real world
again my point being not it's not just
seeing you know the pyramids in Egypt
that's meaningful but you could really
learn something you could have a
meaningful experience for probably less
than four thousand or five thousand
dollars that could change the question
life in a really you know palpable way
but ladies and gentlemen this
ain't it review number three
underwhelming quote medicine close quote
didn't work for me at all on night one
and even had three doses hearing people
vomit sob and laugh next to me for the
next four hours seemed super awkward
kind of dramatic ladies and gentlemen
what did you think you were signing up
for I was too frightened to do it again
the next night in case it didn't work on
me again and I had to hear everyone else
well so sober accommodations are basic
and clean not a very intimate experience
the group was around 85 people for the
week I went the shaman seemed like
regular people to be I Got News for you
honey
we're all regular people if you meet the
Pope in Rome he's a regular person and
yes the the white hipsters who call
themselves shaman that they also are
regular people and guys in case you were
wondering the word shaman has absolutely
nothing to do with the indigenous people
of South America it has everything to do
with history of Russia with
anthropologists in the former Soviet
Union picking up this term yeah before
you had to do with the Tongass people
some of the tribal minority people in
the soviet union and their religious
divisions so somehow it's being applied
to other indigenous peoples around the
world thanks to the blender of cultural
anthropology all right here we go um
the shaman seemed like regular people to
me I'd like to second that um I think
they truly are regular people it's not
just that they seem like realer people
quote I guess I was anticipating more
magic if you want magic try Disneyland
there at least you know the shaman dress
up in a giant costume like a Mickey
Mouse some people seem to really get a
lot of the whole experience others
didn't feel much either at times I was
wondering if people were faking it I've
gotten more from a yoga retreat than
this experience food wasn't great
Whole Foods buffet hands better food
founder is entertaining but I couldn't
find his life story very relatable
overall kind of
they're willing let me tell you
something you won't get the 5000 bucks
back
here's another straightforward review
not bad but not worth the money skipping
to the part underlined in red here the
cons the cost is crazy expensive
compared to other ayahuasca retreats at
least four times more and continues to
climb the cheapest rooming option is
around four thousand dollars and you
would be sharing the room with two other
guests they even make you pay a separate
medical fee to be clear but medical
staff to participate in ceremonies
I believe that fee is over $400 now and
to be transported to the airport for
comparison I've gone to two other
retreats in Peru and Colombia for two
weeks each and spent half the cost of
what I spent for one week a trivia the
breath work class and ayahuasca
ceremonies had a lot of potential to be
deeply healing but due to the large size
of the group it was often very difficult
to get support through rough passages
that someone might go through during
this kind of work that is extremely
dangerous to me I went through a very
difficult time and one of the helpers
simply walked away from me I struggled
with suicidal thoughts after leaving the
retreat and I've reached out to the
Center for help but it doesn't seem that
they are interested in making time for
me unless I shelve out another five
thousand dollars to make a trip there
for a week
so actually in English I think would be
shell out five thousand loads they made
up but when you're talking about five
thousand I guess it's a whole shelf of
money to shelled out enough oh it's you
know guys if you want to join a religion
if you became like if you join any
mainstream religion like Catholicism
you've probably I mean go to Rome you
know go to Rome get a tour of the
Vatican probably cost you less when you
get something out of it learn the
history of the Crusades you've learned
about the wars between the you know the
Mongol Empire and right you know
whatever some something did see some
paintings a big overall value of a tour
of Vatican City you know probably
greater than puking your guts out with a
bunch of hippies listening to you know
ariana grande music all right
if you were five experience this this
this one is titled great experience
but opens the observation I feel I have
to put a review on TripAdvisor
until the last two days everything was
great on the last night I had diarrhea
dizziness and nausea before I left the
resort in the morning I went to the
clinic the two ladies they were very
helpful they gave me some pills today is
the fourth day and still my diarrhea is
going on I know at home and if a
doctor's appointments other than
diarrhea there were some other specific
problems so yeah this is the problem
with human nature if this drug caused
acne everyone say forget it don't do
ayahuasca you don't want to have pimples
you don't want to have acne you don't
want to look in the mirror and look ugly
okay ayahuasca causes diarrhea you get
people complaining it's not worth it you
puke you get diarrhea all right and
everyone knows that before they sign up
for this [ __ ] but brain damage proof
a MRI scan proof we know as a scientific
fact this causes brain damage its causes
permanent structural changes in the
brain and people take a really
philosophical attitude towards that like
well I don't know people say it's a
pretty great vacation I mean their
websites and downsides to it you puke
you have diarrhea but on the other hand
permanent life altering mind altering
structural changes in the brain
permanent brain damage and for 4,000
bucks
why not
[Music]